README.md, before:

# Oraculum — AI Career Intelligence Platform

Oraculum helps you plan, analyze, and accelerate your career with AI:
- AI Career Q&A Chat
- AI Resume Analyzer
- Career Roadmap Generator
- Cover Letter Generator

Frontend: Vite + Vue 3
Backend: FastAPI (proxied at /api)

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)

```sh
# Install browsers for the first run
npx playwright install

# When testing on CI, must build the project first
npm run build

# Runs the end-to-end tests
npm run test:e2e
# Runs the tests only on Chromium
npm run test:e2e -- --project=chromium
# Runs the tests of a specific file
npm run test:e2e -- tests/example.spec.ts
# Runs the tests in debug mode
npm run test:e2e -- --debug
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

Commit message:

chore: add vercel deploy config

README.md, after:

# Oraculum — AI Career Intelligence Platform

Oraculum helps you plan, analyze, and accelerate your career with AI:
- AI Career Q&A Chat
- AI Resume Analyzer
- Career Roadmap Generator
- Cover Letter Generator

Frontend: Vite + Vue 3
Backend: FastAPI (proxied at /api)

## Deployment (Vercel)

1. Create the project in the Vercel dashboard (Import Git repo).
2. Build Command: `npm run vercel-build`
3. Output Directory: `dist`
4. (Optional) Set `VITE_API_BASE_URL` env var if you host the backend separately.
5. Deploy.

The `vercel.json` routes `/api/*` to a placeholder backend URL. Replace that with your deployed backend endpoint.

## Recommended IDE Setup

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vite.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)

```sh
# Install browsers for the first run
npx playwright install

# When testing on CI, must build the project first
npm run build

# Runs the end-to-end tests
npm run test:e2e
# Runs the tests only on Chromium
npm run test:e2e -- --project=chromium
# Runs the tests of a specific file
npm run test:e2e -- tests/example.spec.ts
# Runs the tests in debug mode
npm run test:e2e -- --debug
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```
